feat(listsADM): add canDeleteList route (#1968)
dasch-swiss/dsp-api: webapi/src/main/twirl/org/knora/webapi/messages/twirl/queries/sparql/admin/canDeleteList.scala.txt

@*
 * Copyright © 2021 Data and Service Center for the Humanities and/or DaSCH Service Platform contributors.
 * SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
 *@

@import org.knora.webapi.IRI

@**

>  * Checks if a list (and its children) is unused and if can be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Checks if a list (and its children) is used in data.
```

 *
 * @param triplestore the name of the triplestore being used.
 * @param listIri the IRI of the list to be checked.
 *@
@(triplestore: String,
  listIri: IRI)

PREFIX knora-base: <http://www.knora.org/ontology/knora-base#>

SELECT DISTINCT ?isUsed

WHERE {

>   BIND(IRI("@listIri") AS ?nodeToBeDeleted)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  BIND(IRI("@listIri") AS ?nodeToBeChecked)
```

  BIND(true AS ?isUsed)

  {

>     ?nodeToBeDeleted knora-base:hasSubListNode* ?subNode .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ?nodeToBeChecked knora-base:hasSubListNode* ?subNode .
```
